Hello : 1 ) Is there a limit to the number of separate systems that can be added to the app ? 2 ) Are timeclock events stored locally within the bridge so that if the phone is shut off or internet is lost , or local computer network is down , the bridge will still send out the timeclock events ? 3 ) When you add a Pico to the bridge , does the Pico talk exclusively with the bridge , or still directly to the dimmer , or will it also attempt to talk to both ? In other words , how far can we really communicate within spec ? if the Pico talks to the bridge , then you should be able to provide this solution : DIMMER -- -- 30 ' -- -- BRIDGE -- -- 30 ' -- -- PICO. However if the Pico does not talk to the bridge , then you still need 30 ' between pico and dimmer . 
 Originally Posted by ekimla Hello : 1 ) Is there a limit to the number of separate systems that can be added to the app ? 2 ) Are timeclock events stored locally within the bridge so that if the phone is shut off or internet is lost , or local computer network is down , the bridge will still send out the timeclock events ? 3 ) When you add a Pico to the bridge , does the Pico talk exclusively with the bridge , or still directly to the dimmer , or will it also attempt to talk to both ? In other words , how far can we really communicate within spec ? if the Pico talks to the bridge , then you should be able to provide this solution : DIMMER -- -- 30 ' -- -- BRIDGE -- -- 30 ' -- -- PICO. However if the Pico does not talk to the bridge , then you still need 30 ' between pico and dimmer. ekimla , 1 ) Each system will have a separate login. You will need to logout of one system and login to another system. There is no limit because the Lutron App for Caseta Wireless only communicate to one system at a time. 2 ) The Smart Bridge will still activate timeclocks if it loses internet connection and has not been power cycled. If the Smart Bridge loses internet connection and is power cycled then it will not activate timeclock events until it reconnects to the remote server. 3 ) When the Pico is added to the Smart Bridge and programmed in the Lutron App for Caseta Wireless it will communicate to both the device and Smart Bridge. If the Smart Bridge were to lose power the the Pico will still communicate to the devices that are within range . 
 Ok so the smart bridge will act as a sort of repeater to enhance the range of the pico. So that if the dimmer is in range of the bridge but not the pico , a press on the pico will still get the message delivered to the dimmer ? 
 Originally Posted by ekimla Ok so the smart bridge will act as a sort of repeater to enhance the range of the pico. So that if the dimmer is in range of the bridge but not the pico , a press on the pico will still get the message delivered to the dimmer ? ekimla , The Smart Bridge will enhance the range of the Pico. The Pico will talk to the Smart Bridge and then the Smart Bridge will talk to the dimmer . 
 Ok great. so finally , will the bridge still repeat the signal if : 1 ) Internet is down ? 2 ) bridge is power cycled in the middle of an internet outage ? I.e does this repeater function depend at all on the cloud ? 
 Originally Posted by ekimla Ok great. so finally , will the bridge still repeat the signal if : 1 ) Internet is down ? 2 ) bridge is power cycled in the middle of an internet outage ? I.e does this repeater function depend at all on the cloud ? ekimla , 1 ) Yes 2 ) Yes The Internet access is only for use of the Lutron App for Caseta Wireless , firmware updates , 3rd party integration , and for the bridge to get time to execute of time clocks. Internet access does not affect the repeating function . 
 I would like to install some colour controlled pendant lights above my dining table. I have Lutron Homeworks QS. Would I be able to achieve this by adding a Lutron DMX module and appropriate light bulbs ? Any advice would be appreciated. Darren 
 We get this call in tech support occasionally , so I thought I would share this info ... ... The most common cause for lights on one circuit flickering , when a dimmer on another circuit is moved is neutral interaction. This happens when power is back-fed from one lighting circuit to another , causing the lights to flicker. LEDs are more sensitive bulbs and often are effected more by neutral interaction. There are a few ways to possibly reduce or eliminate neutral interaction. 1. Try putting an incandescent bulb on the lighting circuit that is flickering. Often times , this will help stabilize the circuit and reduce interaction. Although , it is not guaranteed. 2. Run a separate neutral back to the circuit breaker for each lighting circuit. This will prevent the back-fed power from traveling up the other neutral. 3. Replace one of the dimmers with a simple on/off switch. Not the ideal solution , but it will prevent that back-feed of power . 
 I would like to install some colour controlled pendant lights above my dining table. I have Lutron Homeworks QS. Would I be able to achieve this by adding a Lutron DMX module and appropriate light bulbs ? Any advice would be appreciated. Darren 
 We have received this question before and thought it was good to share : When I add my Caseta dimmer to the Smart Bridge why does the Pico Remote no longer control my dimmer ? Currently , when a Caseta Dimmer or Switch , PD-6WCL / PD-3PCL / PD-5WS-DV , is added to a Smart Bridge the Pico Remote will no longer control the device. To regain functionality of the Pico you must add the Pico into the Lutron App for Caseta Wireless. Once added into the Lutron App you can program the Pico to control your Caseta device again . 
